I'm gonna ask you some real stray here's
the bonus episode okay you got your
tic-tac yeah okay and ask you some
riddles and you're gonna tell me the
answers okay yes yeah I'm kind of scared
thank you oh my girls may be stupid what
shoes should you wear when your basement
is flooded no shoes because shoes your
I hate you Holmes Holmes oh I get
it
logic questions what okay why can't you
take of a pic why can't you take a
picture of an Indian woman with hair
curlers in her hair do Indian women use
hailer curlers you know they just sleep
on her head not Jerry what did you just
say I don't know I'm free today I can't
do this before Mount Everest was
discovered what was it tallest mountain
in the world Mount Everest
is that right all right this is like
that's stupid have your hel thing that
you make me it over for an hour
why our night 1898 silver dollars worth
more than 1897 silver dollars because
he's this who's maybe the 1988 really
made of silver
why don't you want to know that that's
something that old people saying when
they get bored once you know how like
old people start backing out like the
stupid facts there's nobody cared about
I was a trick question
oh here's 1008 here
ninety-eight so it's more read it wrong
no I write right it's a hard question
Mambo oh my life but what's my freakin
life there's five apples on the counter
you take away - how many do you have
well is the counter yours to begin with
are you in some hobos house stealing
apples how many do you have
I don't know what's your counter you
still have five but if you steal from
somewhere else you only have two no
never no it's alright if you're at the
CAF and there's like five apples if you
take two then you have two apples but if
your own room and your five apples in
take two you still have five because
they're your apples what gets wetter and
wetter the more it dries it's wetter and
I have no idea
come on you gotta guess at these nothing
nothing nothing
because joy implicates its getting the
towel no dry stuff off but it gets wet
as it dries stuff off but if it's drying
it something's getting drier I'm not
putting that in that kind of word of
dying my mind put it in there what goes
around the world but stays in a corner
these are hard
how about
oh that's not cool
throw it off the highest building and I
won't break put me in the ocean and I
will what am i oh wow a tissue that's so
stupid
a certain crime is punishable if
attempted but not punishable
if committed what is it suicide